[docs] CDCSDK: Update CDC documentation with missing sections (#21512)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/change-data-capture/cdc-get-started.md

| 3 | source | Mandatory field that describes the source metadata for the event. This has the same fields as a create event, but some values are different. The source metadata includes: <ul><li> Debezium version <li> Connector type and name <li> Database and table that contains the new row <li> Schema name <li> If the event was part of a snapshot (always `false` for update events) <li> ID of the transaction in which the operation was performed <li> Offset of the operation in the database log <li> Timestamp for when the change was made in the database </ul> |
| 4 | op | In an update event, this field's value is `u`, signifying that this row changed because of an update. |

### Before image modes

> YugabyteDB supports the following type of records types in the context of before image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB supports the following record types in the context of before image:
```

* ALL
* FULL_ROW_NEW_IMAGE
* MODIFIED_COLUMNS_OLD_AND_NEW_IMAGES
* CHANGE

> Here is one more example, consider the following employee table into which a row is inserted, subsquently updated, and deleted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following employee table into which a row is inserted, subsquently updated, and deleted:
```

```sql
create table employee (employee_id int primary key, employee_name varchar, employee_dept text);

insert into employee values(1001, 'Alice', 'Packaging');

update employee set employee_name='Bob' where employee_id=1001;

delete from employee where employee_id=1001;
```

> CDC records for update and delete statements without enabling before image i.e. the default record type `CHANGE` would be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDC records for update and delete statements without enabling before image (that is, the default record type `CHANGE`) would be as follows:
```

</td> </tr> </table>

### Before image modes

> YugabyteDB support multiple before image modes which can be leveraged by creating a stream ID accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB supports multiple before image modes which can be leveraged by creating a stream ID accordingly.
```

}
```

## Colocated tables

> YugabyteDB supports streaming of changes from [colocated tables](../../architecture/docdb-sharding/colocated-tables). The connector can be configured with regular configuration properties and deployed for streaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB supports streaming of changes from [colocated tables](../../../architecture/docdb-sharding/colocated-tables). The connector can be configured with regular configuration properties and deployed for streaming.
```

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> If a connector is already streaming a set of colocated tables from a database and if a new table is created in the same database, one cannot deploy a new connector for this newly created table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a connector is already streaming a set of colocated tables from a database and if a new table is created in the same database, you cannot deploy a new connector for this newly created table.
```
